this is a web exclusive wow I can't even
do it
good good to do it one more time we have
to be 8 to 10 seconds we might have to
drop the singing at the beginning as a
schoolboy footballer Robbie Savage was
once actually sent off for eating an
opponent - is the most energetic dancing
I've done since I've started the process
that's a no and more more as if you're
looking at me looking into the mirror
your name checking yourself at eight ten
seconds rubber I can give you thirty of
your life just these shoes I can't I
can't operate in these shoes don't get
me another pair that were big enough
that smell my cheese hey come on let's
go Showtime all right good I think we
did it in 1 then we didn't say the
oscar-worthy not even James Jordans got
this in his locker
a good bank cut